Good day to all today I will show you very much
beautiful tracery pattern which is very
be hung out the report consists of only 5
telly but he looks pretty fit
for summer blouses for
boy of all topics of for and
palatines will fall and the scarf can be tied
openwork such a generally universal pattern
which he will be so get down
make 3 air loops for lifting and
make a single crochet
This node is angry with loop to
we were exactly mated
further proceed to the pattern
we will make you have children lichku further
we knit a column with one nakida
then we knit a column with one
nakidom do nakid below skip
three loops 1 2 3 and 4 enter the hook and
we knit a column with one nakida
knit 1 air loop further knit
single crochet and enter the hook
right there the very eyelet I we knit
previous single crochet
Next, do a nakid and knit column
double crochet near petechka which we have
worth
make an air loop and knit
column and knit sc with too itself
the loops we just knit
double crochet next knit column with
nakida with one but the bottom skips 3
knit one-two-three knit fourth
we start the hook 4 and petelechku
knotted a crochet and enter
hook right there most loop where we only
that knit a crochet do
another double crochet next
eyelet
air loop knit crochet
in the same loop that we only
that knit further do a column with
nakidom she passing below 3 loops 1 2
make an air loop and make a column
doublet on top of the end of the row here you are
knit the first row
turn over
make 3 air loops to lift
do another double crochet
the beginning of a series of air loop and in the same
catch or judged column with sc
did do another double crochet
then do a double crochet
but we get a hook under the second column with
nakidom previous row here here
do the loop
double crochet
Vadya hook immediately loop itself that we
tied up the previous double crochet
knit double crochet
neighboring
but I twist the next double crochet
I do an air loop still the same
double crochet entering the same
the very eyelet that he tied
previous row
further knit crochet and we will
hook in the second double crochet
previous row
do air loop and more
crochet the crotch
previous
same loop your previous
headman double crochet column
the next column here about hooks
air loop column with the same sc
loop as the previous column with
double cape
air loop and double crochet
completion of a series
Now I will check and see how it is.
looks beaten